Add manual building instructions to the README (#71)
snapcrafters/signal-desktop: README.md

<p align="center">Published for <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anythingcodes/slack-emoji-for-techies/gh-pages/emoji/tux.png" align="top" width="24" /> with :gift_heart: by Snapcrafters</p>

### Building snap locally

``` bash
sudo snap install --classic snapcraft
git clone https://github.com/snapcrafters/signal-desktop.git
cd signal-desktop
snapcraft

> sudo snap install --devmode signal-desktop_*.snap

Reviewer: this should be `--dangerous` instead of `--devmode`. Otherwise, you turn off the sandbox.

> sudo snap install --devmode signal-desktop_*.snap
> ```
> 
> (agree to install `multipass` if asked to)

Author: ```suggestion
sudo snap install --dangerous signal-desktop_*.snap

Notes: 
1. Agree to install `multipass` if asked to
2. `snap install --dangerous` is used as your snap package you just built locally won't have any pre-acknowledged signature for it
```
